Creates a Docs site (#7)
supabase-community/vec2pg: README.md

    </a>
    <a href="https://pypi.org/project/vec2pg/"><img src="https://img.shields.io/pypi/dm/vec2pg.svg" alt="Download count" height="18"></a>
</p>

---

**Documentation**: <a href="https://supabase-community.github.io/vec2pg" target="_blank">https://supabase-community.github.io/vec2pg</a>

**Source Code**: <a href="https://github.com/supabase-community/vec2pg" target="_blank">https://github.com/supabase-community/vec2pg</a>

---

> `vec2pg` is a CLI for migrating data from third party vector databases to [Supabase](https://supabase.com) with pvector.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`vec2pg` is a CLI tool for migrating data from third-party vector databases to [Supabase](https://supabase.com) with Pgvector.
```
